hey what's going on guys john here and
today i'll be showing you five images
from modern warfare 4 8 in game terminal
which have just been released and this
was found by goons who were actually
took pictures of these because he has
somehow managed to get terminal in game
free system now with first one and it's
the cockpit the g36 easier care package
reaper and I can't see what the last
care the killstreak is but as you can
see this is a modern warfare 3 it's all
laid out set out like modern warfare 3
and this is the cockpit the plane which
could go in or modern warfare 2 so we'll
go for the next image now and this is
the MSR next to this white vehicle the
police car which was black on modern
warfare 2 so it's more today and I can
see in the top left corner the bomb
science will be in the same place as you
go last time in the plane and in the
corner the inside of terminal so we'll
go to the next one now and this is the
logon screen now this is obviously won't
look like when you Lord again it's not
for me to see here except from its team
deathmatch terminal the wing here kind
of tells them it's the airplane lots
more up today and the vehicle is also
white like I said before which was black
on modern warfare 2 now worm here's what
it look like in private match so we've
used to choose mark and private market
is what would look like and that's
nothing to see in this one but there's
is more proof and we've also got the PP
90 m one in right looking at the
airplane and this is another image and
that's because he is peeping at Ian one
this is not modern warfare 2 this is
actually modern warfare now there isn't
much difference but there is a slight
change as a sponsor being moved around
and I'll collect respond terminal modern
warfare two have now being patched
modern warfare free and that's pretty
much it guys they're the five images
have been released an in-game modern
warfare 3 terminal click up like on the
video and police will grab like sets to
show your appreciation for me being the
first person to upload this I'll see you
guys next time have a great day bye bye